README.md, before:

About
=====

Dynamic Programming (DP) is a method for solving complex problems by breaking
a large problem down (if possible) into incremental steps so that, at any given
stage, optimal solutions are known to sub-problems.

DP was formalized by Richard Ernest Bellman (August 26, 1920 - March 19, 1984)
in 1953 in his paper *Dynamic Programming*. Nowadays DP is an important topic
in Operation Research college courses.

This package includes an example GUI application and several classic dynamic
programming algorithms:

- *Bounded knapsack*, used to find the optimal arrangement of items in a medium.
- *Probabilities to become champion*, used to calculate just that in sport games.
- *Optimal binary search tree*, used to find the best tree given a set of nodes
  and their probability of being requested.
- *Equipment replacement*, used to find the optimal replacement plan for any
  equipment.
- *Floyd algorithm*, used to find the shortest path in a weighted graph.

This Software is written is C and uses GTK+ 3 for the GUI.


How to build
============

Install dependencies:

```shell
sudo apt-get install build-essential texlive libgtk-3-dev graphviz
```

Then build and run:

```
cd download/dir
make
./main
```

How to hack
===========

Install development Software:

```shell
sudo apt-get install glade geany git devhelp libgtk-3-doc
```

We use Kernel code standards except that identation is 4 spaces wide:

    http://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/CodingStyle

Commit message:

Added configure script and updated README.

README.md, after:

About
=====

Dynamic Programming (DP) is a method for solving complex problems by breaking
a large problem down (if possible) into incremental steps so that, at any given
stage, optimal solutions are known to sub-problems.

DP was formalized by Richard Ernest Bellman (August 26, 1920 - March 19, 1984)
in 1953 in his paper *Dynamic Programming*. Nowadays DP is an important topic
in Operation Research college courses.

This package includes an example GUI application and several classic dynamic
programming algorithms:

- *Bounded knapsack*, used to find the optimal arrangement of items in a medium.
- *Probabilities to become champion*, used to calculate just that in sport games.
- *Optimal binary search tree*, used to find the best tree given a set of nodes
  and their probability of being requested.
- *Equipment replacement*, used to find the optimal replacement plan for any
  equipment.
- *Floyd algorithm*, used to find the shortest path in a weighted graph.

This Software is written is C and uses GTK+ 3 for the GUI.


How to build
============

Install dependencies:

```shell
sudo apt-get install build-essential texlive libgtk-3-dev graphviz
```

Then build and run:

```
cd download/dir
./configure
make
./bin/main
```

How to hack
===========

Install development Software:

```shell
sudo apt-get install glade geany git devhelp libgtk-3-doc
```

We use Kernel code standards except that identation is 4 spaces wide:

- http://www.kernel.org/doc/Documentation/CodingStyle

This package is developed with Gtk+ and glib:

- http://developer.gnome.org/glib/stable/
- http://developer.gnome.org/gtk3/stable/
